

This journey has led me to computer science, where there is a seemingly infinite number of questions with an even larger array of answers. I really got started with computers when trying to fulfill the teenage dream of anyone who has spent too much time behind a keyboard: cracking my school's IT system. 

While I can neither confirm nor deny the success of this venture, it did teach me two very important lessons:

1. You can learn anything on the internet.
2. All the security in the world falls flat at the feet of a Layer-8 error.

From there on I was hooked. I installed Ubuntu on our home computer (much to the dismay of my parents), picked up a Java textbook, and began hacking away. Lots of awful code and one pretty good snake game later I knew computer science was the field for me.

I apply my passion for knowledge in my everyday work towards creating robust and practical systems. I emphasize "simplicity of solution", borne from ensuring agreement across the team and with the client on the understanding of the problem to be solved. I am consistently striving for each solution's perfect balance between performance, maintainability, and velocity.

When it comes to web development, which has been my professional focus over the past few years, I have developed an intuitive understanding of designing accessible and easy-to-use experiences. I supplement this by keeping up to date with the ever-evolving field of UI/UX. 

Cybersecurity is the field that currently piques my interest the most. Working in a regulated industry as a full-stack developer (with DevOps / Linux infrastructure responsibilities) means the protection of the integrity and privacy of customer data is paramount. The modern threat landscape is a fast-evolving field and ensuring my systems keep on top of this is an exhilarating challenge. I never really lost that passion for "making computers work in ways they are not supposed to" I developed as a teenager, and would love to continue developing my career in that direction.

When I am not writing code I can be found reading Sci-Fi, picking locks, or playing video games.